Update readmes (#374)
jina-ai/examples: advanced-vector-search/README.md

</p>

In this demo we will build a vector search engine with Jina. This means that given a dataset and some data to search in it, it will find the closest vector in it.

But not just that, let's imagine that after you indexed your data you want to use a different type of indexer now to query, 
what you do then? You index your data each time for every type? No, no, don't worry, we will see how to use different
 indexers as vector databases and how to use a `ref_indexer` as a base indexer. 

> So you can have that as a base and then query with whatever type you wish.

Reviewer: Same here

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

For this example you can use one of these 2 datasets [ANN_SIFT10K or ANN_SIFT1M](http://corpus-texmex.irisa.fr/), which are datasets comprised of three vector sets:  

- 10K or 1M to index
- 100 or 10K to query
- 25K or 100k to train

We will work with ANN_SIFT10K (siftsmall), that are [SIFT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale-invariant_feature_transform) descriptors for some image dataset. 
But if you wish you could use a larger datasets from the same [source](http://corpus-texmex.irisa.fr/). 

> A [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/jinahub/app.example.advancedvectorsearch) is published where the ANN_SIFT1M (sift) has already been indexed

Reviewer: Not sure why we have these line breaks. They look odd

Author: I prefer to have more line breaks because I don't like super long sentences

Reviewer: I think we should keep to the standards. Most readmes I've seen don't break in the middle of a paragraph. If the editor is the problem, make sure to enable `Soft wraps` or `Wrap lines` (depends on which one you use)

using 4 shards.

> And since we said we want to use different indexers to query.

Reviewer: This sentence looks incomplete. 

`And, since something, something else...`

But we encourage you to try different indexers and different options for other indexers to see what gets the best results and performance.

## Requirements

Let's start! First thing is to be sure we have all the requirements, so we can run:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

And to make things easy will use the docker images for Annoy and Faiss, so make sure to pull the from the [Jina Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/u/jinahub)

## Prepare the data

Now let's get some data. We have prepared a small script that will download it

```bash
./get_data.sh siftsmall
```

Cool we have the data now, but FAISS needs to learn some patterns of the data in order to build an efficient indexing scheme. 
A.K.A we still need the training data, which is done with some subset of data that is not necessarily part of the index.
So you need to run this script that will generate a workspace folder where the training data will be stored.

```bash
./generate_training_data.sh
```
This workspace folder will contain the built index once the vectors are indexed and will be mapped to the docker image.

## Define the Flows

### Index <!-- omit in toc -->

> Finally we're done getting all the pre requisites, we can index our data now!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally we're done getting all the prerequisites, we can index our data now!
```

Author: Yep, I'll change it

docker run -it --entrypoint=/bin/bash jinahub/app.example.advancedvectorsearch:0.0.2-0.9.20 entrypoint.sh annoy
```

If you want to change the parameters of `Faiss` or `Annoy` Indexer you can pass different environment variables
to the `docker run` command by doing for instance:

```bash
docker run -e JINA_FAISS_INDEX_KEY='Flat' jinahub/app.example.advancedvectorsearch:0.0.2-0.9.20
```

## Good to know

An important parameter to set is `JINA_DISTANCE_REVERSE`, depending on the type of distance or metric that is used. 
For instance for `inner_product` distance, `JINA_DISTANCE_REVERSE` should be set to `True`.

> This is because returned measure for `Faiss` is similarity and not distance. 

Reviewer: Odd line break again

> Which means that the results should be scored in descending order to get what we would expect.

Reviewer 2: should be sorted in descending order

Author: Ah yes, I wrote "scored" instead of "sorted". Got it

> Another parameter that cannot be found int the `init` arguments of `FaissIndexer` or `AnnoyIndexer` is `OMP_NUM_THREADS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another parameter that cannot be found in the `init` arguments of `FaissIndexer` or `AnnoyIndexer` is `OMP_NUM_THREADS`.
```

Author: Good catch
